hi I'm Debbie Rodriguez with the success
or fitness system for equestrians today
we're going to do some core stability
moves and Tina's gonna be coaching me
all right there we go we're going to a
nice tall point here front make sure
those hips are a little bit higher there
we go and nice and neutral spine we're
gonna hold that there just for a few
seconds making sure she's really locked
in making sure that bellybutton to spine
it's just not too sagging down there
she's just gonna hold that nice and
tight she's gonna keep her hips tight
she's gonna push strong through his
shoulders so she's not sagging at the
shoulders either head stays down in
neutral I point that he's gonna turn
she's gonna hold this and turn right to
the side getting nice over top top arm
up and she's gonna drop this hip lift
and top leg up so now we're working
stability with the hip movement so she's
gonna work this hip here she's gonna
drop get a little bit of the oblique
here and then lateral hit no rotation
that's give me one more drop up and lift
squeezing writing on that lateral hip
she's gonna turn back into her plank
make sure she's in good position and now
she's gonna do an arm extension she's
gonna raise that arm and extend it out
long keeping nice tight core she's
trying not to rock too much she's gonna
just stick it out there nice and long
with that arm extension working the
shoulders and holding the hips tight one
more than other arm and she's gonna turn
we're gonna do that other hip go over to
the other side nice position there she's
gonna drop that hip and lift that leg no
rolling back just I'm gonna roll over on
that pitch she's gonna stay nice and
tall like she's in between two boards
to that plank position she gets in that
neutral position now she's gonna do a
leg extension with it she's gonna long
gait that leg and really squeeze right
through her butt to lift that leg she's
gonna keep that core tight so there's
not a lot of movement through her core
but just the hip movement so sits there
just right there Debbie right there not
too high not too high right there just
kind of lift right there strong all
right she's getting some back to the
side we're still strong she's staying up
she hasn't gone down yet guys to stay up
there she's gonna reach through and come
back up to neutral she's gonna reach
through and come back so now we have an
upper body rotation trying to hold tight
through this lateral Port here last one
and back up she's gonna hold that strong
and then come back to the center packets
in her she's gonna go to a high low
plank she's gonna reach up high and then
take it back down low some people call
that a suicide plank or a high-low flank
again she's trying to stay tight through
her hips and stomach so not to do too
much Rocking now she's gonna come back
to this side again and now she's gonna
reach through so that we're even on both
sides even she hasn't dropped down yet
she's holding that core stable this
whole time no break there's no rest here
Debbie works hard here we go
last one good she's gonna come back into
a plank and she's just gonna hold it
she's just gonna hold it she's gonna
squeeze those ABS squeeze those glutes
and keep those shoulders strong let's
hold that ten nine eight seven six five
four three two one and relax and now she
can come down great job Eddie